Add Portkey to related resources (#800)
openai/openai-cookbook: articles/related_resources.md

- [OpenAI Evals](https://github.com/openai/evals): An open-source library for evaluating task performance of language models and prompts.
- [Outlines](https://github.com/normal-computing/outlines): A Python library that provides a domain-specific language to simplify prompting and constrain generation.
- [Parea AI](https://www.parea.ai): A platform for debugging, testing, and monitoring LLM apps.

> - [Portkey](https://portkey.ai/): Full-stack LLMOps platform for LLM gateway, observability, model management, evals, and security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Portkey](https://portkey.ai/): A platform for observability, model management, evals, and security for LLM apps.
```
